on the last episode of holy SH we
unboxed the most expensive item we had
ever unboxed before basically like a
truckload of 10 terabyte drives from
Seagate totaling a petabyte of storage
for our new server which raised a lot of
questions in our viewers minds what on
earth could some youtuber possibly need
a petabyte of storage for the answer is
today where we will be unveiling the new
most expensive thing we've ever unboxed
2017 model newest the red weapon 8k
camera that is the reason we need a
petabyte of storage and all the friggin
accessories that come with it
[Music]
- Lane is the user-friendly password
manager that keeps passwords secure and
available on every device you own you
can download - Lane at the link in the
video description and learn more about
the service at the end of this video so
let's begin by getting one of the
biggest lies that I have ever told my
audience out of the way I said we were
also going to look at all the included
accessories but to anyone who's ever
shopped for a red camera they'll already
know this that's a big load of bull
because red cameras don't include any
accessories now that is why we're using
a Saab by the way the average person
might think well you buy a camera for
forty nine thousand five hundred US
dollars well you should be done it
should come with a lens a battery uh you
know frickin blow job but no that is not
the way red sees it the way they see it
the more professional you are and the
more you're spending on your camera the
less it should come with and the more
you should just have buckets of money to
spend on all the other crap you're going
to need you see yeah let's let's let's
get this right on the way first $49,500
this is the red weapon 8k brain with the
helium sensor it's capable of shooting
it anywhere from eight K down to
whatever smaller resolution you would
want it comes with this sticker yes my
friends this sticker is included in the
box so you can pimp the crap out of the
brand you just gave tens of thousands of
dollars to as if they didn't get enough
out of you already these are the
crappiest keys ever for a case that
you're never going to use which is a
shame because it looks really cool but
who would actually put the camera in
there when it doesn't have anything on
it this is all you get this we're lucky
it has a freaking power button and then
you navigate doesn't even have a screen
you can't use it there's no audio
where's the XLR audio in
put now you get to buy all the
accessories so first is your batteries
and we're gonna bring up we're gonna
bring up the bill here for having a look
at this okay so as what is uh what do we
pay for a battery holy
fifteen hundred dollars for the red
brick power pack okay so for fifteen
hundred u.s. smackaroonies you get four
batteries and a charger I mean this
thing better be made out of like
titanium that doesn't seem very special
I mean you know we're paying for at this
point is this cool logo that's a really
cool logo so inside here is the red
touch seven-inch LCD and when they ask
me is that good touch or bad touch I'm
gonna tell them it better be really
good touch because what does
this thing cost red touch two thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars do you
know how big of a screen I can get for
$2,700 I mean look at this thing okay it
has four buttons you know how many
buttons the iPhone has that's not an
iPhone the iPhone has one two three four
buttons and costs less than half that
much even at the highest capacity how
much capacity is this have none okay so
how much do we have to pay for the
privilege of putting a canon lens on our
camera let's find out shall we
huh two grand for that well what's this
PCB made of two grand look at this thing
black PCBs are more expensive what is a
DSM two-base expander $1,750 for the
bass expander so you already paid them
fifty thousand dollars for the camera
and then just for the privilege of
plugging it HDMI out on to it which by
the way doesn't even output at 4k
because these apples want you to buy
their media
instead of outputting to an external
capture device so that's what you got to
pay for the privilege of powering the
camera controlling crap and like having
a headphone in unbeliev where does it
even go you know what I don't care
Brandon we'll figure that out later so
for the privilege of connecting a cable
to my monitor I have to spend another
200 dollars in order to not have to just
plunk it on here
it cost me $200 and they don't even
include a cable do they actually not
include a cable with this thing yeah we
paid more for that we paid for the cable
to d't this is a $240 cable so for the
privilege of connecting a cable and
having a cable and of course this is
proprietary ish and I mean look at this
thing I'll give them credit it's a nice
looking this isn't even a swivel fitting
Wow thank God it has braided sleeving on
it because otherwise I don't know how
I'd feel about it so get get this this
this is a $100 card reader $100 for a
card reader the reason they can give you
such a great deal $99.99 on the reader
is because they just bent you over a
barrel on the proprietary media you have
to buy read mini mags which by the way
are just normal em Stata SSDs they're
not even PCI Express em SATA SSDs in a
fancy read enclosure oh and you don't
even get read it's like it's a black
enclosure if you don't buy the 480 or
the 960 gig so red makes you buy an
adapter from their proprietary interface
to their bullsh-- proprietary cable and
you spend $200 on each end plus $200 for
this dinky ask able to go between them I
understand this correctly no no I think
I understand what's going on here so if
it's not enough that they have their
fist up your ass charging you $1500 for
a battery and a charger
for the privilege of connecting the
battery to the brain you know what this
come here come here
look at this you know what this is okay
so this is like a few cents worth of
gold-plated contacts there's like a wire
inside like there's nothing in here
there's a spring oh you know what it's
probably like $300 spring it's probably
the best spring the greatest spring
there's an arm for the privilege of
actually putting you're a hundred it's a
hundred and fifty dollars for this look
at this thing it's not even like a fancy
one a hundred and fifty dollars this is
like criminal last piece DSM C two side
handle nine hundred fifty dollars for us
handle of course it makes it easier to
hold the camera that's not the
conversation we're having I don't
disagree it should have a handle I
disagree that I should be paying affects
some stalkers all right so total damage
switching to read a hundred and
thirty-eight thousand US dollars for to
read cameras and the both accessories
that they make you buy sixty thousand
dollars in hard drives to store all this
crap on another $20,000 in nvme SSD so
that all of our editors can edit read
footage off of Arnaz at the same time
and what do we get for it
eight K videos that nobody can watch
because they don't have eight K displays
thank you and good night
we're out of here so we're back and if
there was any doubt in anyone's mind
that my level of Rage hadn't been
decreased in the slightest in the last
two months let me put that to rest for
you yes we have a functioning camera
look at that mm it's probably amazing
your
but all this time we've had to be
recording to an external audio recorder
anytime we wanted to use the bloody
thing for all the money we spent
it doesn't have an XLR input so we had
to wait all this time for some
third-party accessory because oh no the
the red one that's like $4,000 by the
way that one's not as good so we
couldn't have an audio input module no
we had to wait for the the Oman so guess
how much one of these costs look at this
look at this box look at this I mean how
much does that even wait twenty five
hundred dollars
so this replaces the bass expander
that's already on here what the the bass
expander is seventeen hundred dollars
why the did we buy two bass
expanders if we're gonna replace them
why did we buy two of them
we bought two $1700 pieces just in case
this one stops working normally this is
the point in the video where I'd like
drop it in anger but it's too expensive
- Lane is a user-friendly password
manager that helps you keep your
personal accounts and your private data
secure without a high level of technical
knowledge so you can have them backed up
on every device that you own and then
you can use dashlane to fill your
usernames and passwords into websites
and other apps so you can automatically
log in and it automatically and securely
stores payment information billing
information and personal identification
data - Lane has patented their security
architecture which encrypts everything
so no one except you can see your
passwords and - Lane is the easiest way
to protect yourself from corporate data
breaches personal account hacks and
sophisticated phishing scams if a breach
does happen you'll be alerted and
they'll also send you a notification if
you've reused that breached
word somewhere else we've tried it out
we've been using it for a couple of
weeks and the UI is clean the app feels
modern and the password management just
plain works they also offer our premium
service which includes a secure account
backup the ability to sync all of your
passwords on your laptop phone and
tablet unlimited secure sharing web
access to passwords and premium support
so sign up for dashlane for free with
the link below and automatically get a
free month of their dashlane premium
service if you enjoy premium you can use
coupon code youtube 2017 to get 10% off
when you upgrade so thanks for watching
this episode of brandon is like the you
know the wife who spends all your money
tips here on Linus tech tips we'll see
you guys again in the future we have a
merch store please go buy something
because also you can check out where to
buy the stuff we featured not that I
would recommend it at the link in the
video description and you can join our
community forum unbelievable